(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to face
in their fight against
the great catastrophe.
After braving a tough battle to
restore a frozen hot Springs.
Joe came out on top and became
the Lord of the Springs.
It seemed like things
had finally thawed over.
(melancholy music)
(wind howling)
But why is the crew now
lost in an icy Tundra?
Shivering through
Sub-Zero temperatures.
[In unison] It's so chilly.
How did we get here?
(wind howling)
Are we there yet? I'm freezing!
Oh my goodness,
I'm gonna pass out!
I'm afraid it's curtains for us.
This is where we meet our end.
(panting)
Just a bit further.
(body thuds)
Oh no!
(wheezing)
The heavens,
the heavens have forsaken,
they've forsaken me.
Huh?
(Blimpmon blades whirring)
Wait a second.
Is that Gomamon? And Joe?
What're you all doing? You're
gonna catch colds out here!
[Group] Eh?
(water rushing)
(bouncy jazzy music)
(pirate flag flaps)
(humming)
Huh?
What's that over there?
Hey Chief, I can see
something in the distance.
Straight ahead.
Stop calling me Chief.
For the last time, it's Captain!
Whatever you say.
What do we do, Boss?
Honestly.
I just said, "Call me Captain"!
Now, look alive crew.
We finally got ourselves a bite.
So ya best not let it go!
[Crew] Aye aye, sir!
(growls)
(Blimpmon's propellers whirring)
[Mimi] What a coincidence!
You caught us in the middle
of our Digimon School Trip.
I was showing everyone
what it's like
outside the Cloud Continent.
(blows drink)
(sighs in relief)
Nice and toasty.
You're a real lifesaver, Mimi.
Yo, not to interrupt,
but why are we housing
these weirdos, anyway?
They're looking pretty
sus, Mistress Mimimon
[Joe and Gomamon] Wait, really?
Why 'Mistress'?
Uh, we've been through a lot.
It's kind of a long story.
What did you say, you ruffian?
Did you just call us weird?
[Kabukimon] Such an
undignified insult!
You tryin' to scrap?
Don't mind if we do!
[Kabukimon] Have at thee!
Come on, make my day!
(vines snap)
Hah!
Those who shout get kicked out!
(surprised noises)
So what have the two
of you been up to?
You guys were getting
your soak on at those
natural hot springs, right?
Yeah, about that...
You could say that we've
got a long story of our own.
[Shogun Gekomon] It's an
emergency, I tell you!
(groaning)
The spring dried up.
How does this keep on happening?
I arrived for my morning spritz,
but all the baths were gone!
[Kabukimon] And this
time, it wasn't because of
any meddling on our part.
They were full the other day
Without hot water,
I'll become an icicle!
What'll we do without any water?
[Kabukimon] According
to some ancient rumors,
there may be hope for us if
we venture to the
southern regions.
A lush, bountiful land of riches
bordered by a stretch of ocean,
as warm as can be.
I promised everyone that I
take them to a better place,
to help them plant new roots.
[Palmon] And that's how you
got stranded in the cold.
Ah, achoo!
(whimpers)
Okay, I think we've
got the whole picture.
So how about this?
I'll chart a course with Blimpon
and we can take you there.
Sound good to you?
(both gasp happily) We'd
love that, thank you, Mimi.
Whoa!
-(gasping)
-(Blimpmon rumbling)
(projectiles exploding)
[Mimi] What's the commotion?
[Bancho Mamemon]
We gettin' jumped?
(gasps)
[Joe] It's a ship!
(ominious music)
(Joe whimpers)
Guess he likes gold, huh?
I'm getting bad vibes.
We're dealing with
one mean Digimon here.
Ahoy! Which one of ye
scallywags is in charge?
[Mimi] That would be me!
I'm the one steering
this Blimpmon.
Welcome! The name's Captain Joe!
What the? What are you doing?
I don't know, say
something already!
Hey Chief, is that a couple
of humans you're shaking down?
[Olegmon] It's
'Captain', you fool!
Anyway, as ye can
see, we are pirates.
And I am the leader
of this vessel,
Captain Olegmon!
Pirate, Digimon?
Uh-oh, I hope they're friendly
[Bancho Mamemon] Olegmon.
I've heard that name before.
He's a Brawny buccaneer
that all the sea dwelling
Digimon have been talking about.
You're surprisingly
knowledgeable.
Heh, I always stay in the know
thanks to the ol'
Mamemon Network.
Still, something's off.
What are seafaring and pirates
doing here on the river.
That's enough talk,
ya landlubbers.
Just hand over yer
vittles and yer vessel
and nobody has to get hurt.
[Mimi] Listen carefully, mateys.
This ship's got its own
captain: Captain Joe!
And as long as I'm here,
I won't allow you to
touch this Blimpmon!
Aw, man, will ya get a
load of this guy, Chief?
[Olegmon] It's 'Captain'!
(laughs)
Ya sure squawk loud
for someone who barely
comes up to me knee bone.
Shake 'em down, me hearties.
[Crew] Aye aye, sir!
(cannons blasting)
(Blimpmon passengers screaming)
Hurry, let's fly away!
(Blimpmon groaning)
Ye won't get away!
Doesn't this Blimpmon
have any cannons?
The good news is that they do.
The bad news is that
they're out of ammo.
[Mimi] No surprise there!
Principal Babamon just
cheaped out on defense!
If I had my bat with me, then
I'd show 'em a thing or two!
Too bad it's busted
at the moment.
(suspenseful music)
Fly higher!
We need to get to an altitude
where their attacks
can't reach us anymore!
(attacks bouncing off shield)
(gasping)
[Kabukimon] How
valiant, my lord.
Good looking out there, weirdo.
(cannon balls whooshing)
Musical Fist!
Now's our chance
to zoom outta here.
(laughing)
Whoa!
(screaming)
Oh, I can't hang on!
My hands are too moist!
[Kabukimon] My lord
Shogon Gekomon!
(cannons blasting)
(passengers yelling)
(all screaming)
Uh-oh!
(screaming)
(thudding)
(all screaming)
[Kabukimon] My lord!
Gomamon, no!
Ah, no way!
Joe!
[Gomamon] Joe?
Joe?
Come on, buddy.
Up at 'em.
(groaning)
Where are we?
Is this jail?
We're locked inside
the pirate ship.
Looks like they scooped
us up when we fell
and made us their prisoners.
No worries, we get
captured all the time.
It'll be fine.
Say, where'd Shogun Geckomon go.
Well uh, I'm not sure
where they're keeping 'em.
Probably someplace larger.
Hmm.
All right then.
I say we try getting out of
this one by ourselves for once.
Okay, can you break this?
Nasty!
Is this their kitchen?
[Gomamon] I think so,
but there's no food.
Just dirty dishes.
[Gwappamon] Hey!
(both gasp)
You two get back
here, right now!
(scared yelling)
(panting)
(body thuds)
[Joe] Uh?
[Gomamon] Huh?
(Gwappamon groans)
Whoa, what'd you do to him?
[Joe] Me? I didn't do anything.
Can't move.
So hungry.
[Both] Huh?
What's this?
Yer telling me the
smaller ones disappeared?
We, uh, think they
might have escaped.
Leave 'em be.
Seems we're about to have
some company over anyway.
(Blimpmon's propellers whirring)
I'll jump on board and
keep 'em distracted.
While that's happening, the
rest of us can sneak on in!
Wait! No!
Slow down!
Full stop!
(laughs)
I'm glad yer making this easy.
Now give us yer food and we'll
let the old frog walk free.
You barbaric bully!
Something's off here.
[All] Huh?
This is a desperate play.
The Olegmon I heard of?
He wasn't the type
of Digimon who'd use
such dirty tricks in a fight.
Listen, bro.
It's over.
We're all done for.
Whoa. Back up a sec.
Why are you done for?
Because we're stranded.
We have nowhere left to go.
The sea back home turned black.
The mountains became dust.
All of our crops
suddenly disappeared.
There was nothing we could do.
We were slowly starving.
Our chief packed up
whatever crumbs we had left
and set a course for the ocean.
He made sure no one
got left behind.
"I swear I'm gonna take
you to a better place
where everybody will thrive."
Well, that's what
he promised us.
But the seas were as
still is a frozen pond.
We tried to fish,
but there was nothing
in the water to catch.
Somewhere along the way,
we ended up floating into
this river and finding you
Quit dawdling!
I want an answer in the
next 10 seconds, girlie!
(Both growling)
[Olegmon] Ten!
Nine!
-Hey,
-[Olegmon] Eight!
Whenever you're ready.
-Just say the word
-[Olegmon] Seven!
and I'll throw down for you.
[Olegmon] Six!
Thanks, Gomemon.
Five!
Four!
Three!
Two!
(whimpers)
One.
[Joe] Not so fast!
Huh?
(tense music)
It's Joe!
Gomemon!
Olegmon,
I challenge you to a duel.
Fair and square on
a captain's honor.
So, you're prepared to
put your dignity at stake.
Is that what you're
sayin' to me, boyo?
Yeah. And if I end up winning,
you let us go and
leave us alone.
Oh ho ho, that's funny.
If you lose, then you have
to surrender your grub
and become our lackey for
the rest of your life.
Sure, but you should
get ready to become mine
after I wipe the floor with you.
(laughs)
You talk a real big game, bucko.
We'll sink me ship
if we duke out here.
How 'bout we move to the
top of that there iceberg.
[Joe] Fine by me.
You gonna be good
with two against one?
You two runts barely add
up to one whole fighter.
You worry 'bout yourselves.
Gomamon, digivolve to
Ikkakumon!
That's cute, but
it won't do much.
I'll let you land
the first blow.
Harpoon Torpedo!
Eh?
Bullseye.
(both groan)
The two of you aren't
taking this serious, are ya?
You can't fool this old sea dog.
(grunts)
Ikkakumon, digivolve to
Zudomon!
Okay then, get ready
for some real action!
Oh ho!
Thor Hammer!
Yer pullin' me leg if
that's all ye got laddy.
(yelling)
Vulcan's Hammer!
(attack explodes)
Ah!
Why the snag? I coulda sworn
you was putting your honor
as a captain on the line.
(Zudomon groans)
(both groaning)
Don't you worry, I'm only
gonna take your food supply.
Don't see no need
to go as far as
takin' you or your
crew members' lives.
I'm sorry for being a bilge rat
and takin' you hostage earlier.
I mean it.
I know the truth.
You only became a pirate
to save your fellow
Digimon's lives.
Eh, then you know
exactly why I can't lose.
I have to do whatever it
takes for the sake of me crew.
Me too.
That's why we're the same.
[Zudomon] Our
bonds keep us going
so we can stay in the fight.
Just look at Joe.
Whenever anyone needs help
he can unleash powers fiercer
than you could imagine.
I've known that about
him from day one.
That's just the kind
of friend he is!
So long as I'm with Joe,
I know I'll be able to tap
into even bigger powers too.
Right on.
Let's make it happen!
Zudomon, time to
go full throttle!
(epic battle music)
Zudomon, digivolve to
Vikemon!
(all gasp)
That's a Mega Digimon!
Ah ha ha! Finally,
a worthy opponent!
Come 'ere!
(Olegmon roaring)
(Vikemon roaring)
(weapons clang)
(Vikemon growling)
(Olegmon roaring)
We will win this battle!
Because we keep our promises!
I'll save me crew,
no matter what!
(axes shatter)
(grunting)
Arctic Blizzard!
(Olegmon screaming)
(ship's mast crashes)
Let's go!
Awesome!
(crew clamoring in concern)
[Divermon] No, Boss!
Battle's over, me hearties.
I'm afraid we've lost the fight.
And with that, our long voyage
finally comes to an end.
(thudding footsteps approach)
Eh?
Ah, ah! You can't nod off
when I haven't even given
my first order yet, lackey.
Huh?
[Mimi] Why do we have to
chauffer the pirates again?
[Bancho Mamemon] Because
they've exchanged blows.
There's a bond you share
after you scrap with someone.
[Palmon] Up ahead!
[Joe] Yay! Land ho!
With a place this nice,
I don't think you'll have too
much trouble planting new roots.
A lad who keeps his word.
You're the real
captain now, Joe.
[Crew] Captain!
(crew cheering)
All hail our lord.
Head honcho Bancho.
Oh, I dunno.
(Gomamon giggles)
How about 'Leader'?
(Joe chuckles nervously)
(crest dinging)
(electronic beeping)
Whoa, what is that?
Another crest?
Guess you got one too.
[Tai] Oh, you come here too?
[Mimi] Is that Tai?
[Palmon] And Agumon?
[Joe] What are you
two doing here?
We've been keeping
ourselves busy
exploring around the continent.
I bet you've seen some stuff.
You have no idea.
Yeah, it's actually
a really long story.
[Gomamon] Got that
right, captain
[Tai] Captain?
[Joe] Yep. And don't you
forget it, you scallywag!
(Gomemon laughs)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Vikemon:
This stone-cold ice king
mega-digivolves from Zudomon.
His special Arctic
Blizzard attack
freezes everything around
him in an instant, brr!
[Gomamon] Let's check out
some more facts about me.
[Izzy] Gomamon?
[Gomamon] That soft fur coat
with those fierce horns on
my helmet make me
feel like royalty.
I'm gonna have Joe wear the
same outfit so we can match!
[Izzy] Lucky guy.
Which Digman will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Get
ready for a miracle.
TK tries his very best
to help El Dradiman
find their way home.
[Tai] Next time: "A
Place to Return to."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.